[[ReadItLater]] [[Article]]

# [The new Mrs Harris Part 3](https://www.fictionmania.tv/stories/readtextstory.html?storyID=1536675842118509270)

by: [Lejla](https://www.fictionmania.tv/searchdisplay/authordisplay.html?word=5844)  -   [Read](https://www.fictionmania.tv/author/readbio.html?authorlink=5844) Author's Biography    [Send eMail](https://www.fictionmania.tv/cdn-cgi/l/email-protection#cda1a8a7a1acf4faa9a2a3a2bbaca38daaa0aca4a1e3aea2a0f2beb8afa7a8aeb9f08ba4aeb9a4a2a3a0aca3a4acf7ed99a5a8eda3a8baed80bfbeed85acbfbfa4beed9dacbfb9edfe) to Author  

View Story [Details](https://www.fictionmania.tv/stories/details.html?storyID=1536675842118509270)

| Rating: | **XXX** | [Add](https://www.fictionmania.tv/review/addreview.html?fbcntrl=36277) Review   [Read](https://www.fictionmania.tv/review/readreview.html?fbcntrl=36277) Reviews, Last Review **09/12/18** (**8**) | Added: **09/12/2018** |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| Complete: | **no** |
| Synopsis: | Michael experiences his first few days as Janice. |  |  |
| Categories: | [Age Progression](https://www.fictionmania.tv/searchdisplay/storycatdisplay.html?word=1035)  [Body Swap](https://www.fictionmania.tv/searchdisplay/storycatdisplay.html?word=1029)  [Smoking](https://www.fictionmania.tv/searchdisplay/storycatdisplay.html?word=1075)  [Workplace Situations](https://www.fictionmania.tv/searchdisplay/storycatdisplay.html?word=1051)  |  |  |
| Keywords: | [Breast Enlargement](https://www.fictionmania.tv/searchdisplay/keyworddisplay.html?word=1030)  [Defiant](https://www.fictionmania.tv/searchdisplay/keyworddisplay.html?word=1031)  |  |  |

---

  

Mrs Harris left me alone, walking out the front door of her old house
in my body, leaving me alone. I was still finding it difficult to stop
myself from crying, and I had a growing feeling of anxiousness and
irritability that I thought was understandable given the events of the
last few hours. Before Mrs Harris had left, she had used her old phone
to text her husband Allen, and the beeping of her phone in the handbag
that sat on the table made me jump. I took the phone out and swiped
the screen on, to see that Allen had just messaged back, "Love you
too, cant wait to see you on Friday, A." I shuddered and cringed at
the very thought of Mr Harris thinking I was his wife, and hoped
between me and Mrs Harris we would have this all sorted out by Friday.


The clock on the phone told me it was almost 10.30, and realising
there was nothing much more I could do to help the situation I found
myself in, I decided I would try and get some sleep. I walked slowly
up the stairs towards the bathroom and bedroom, this house at least
being the exact same layout as my old house meant that finding my way
around wasn't a problem. In my old body I'd have raced up the stairs
two at a time, but I was still very unfamiliar with this new body, and
it certainly didn't feel anywhere near as fit or agile as my old one,
so i walked up holding the bannister for support. I reached the
bathroom, and switched on the light, and recoiled at the image that
greeted me in the mirror. My long blond hair, which reached midway
down my back, looked like it hadn't seen a hairbrush in a decade, most
likely due to me continually running my hands through it to keep it
from my face, a face that was now covered in black streaks, where my
eyeliner and mascara had run because of all my crying. My eyes were
red and puffy too. But worst of all was the total disconnect I felt
while staring at the reflection. This was me now, but my brain just
couldn't connect the reflection with what it thought it should see.
The anxious feeling I had been feeling kept building in the pit of
stomach, and I was feeling really stressed, and the thought of having
to get undressed wasn't making me feel any better. I was about to see
Mrs Harris' naked body, and I really wasn't sure I wanted to. The
thought that maybe a hot shower would calm me down and make me feel
better kept me going.

I lifted the light red top I was wearing over my head, revealing two
enormous breasts held in place by a black bra, the straps digging into
the soft flesh of my shoulders as they supported the fleshy orbs. Next
I fumbled with the button on my black pants, struggling to get it open
with the unfamiliar long nails, which seemed determined to make doing
even the simplest of tasks such as getting undressed a lot harder than
they needed to be, and having to do it by feel and looking in the
mirror as i couldn't see over my boobs to get a better view of what i
was doing didn't help.. Finally I managed to get it unbuttoned and
pulled the pants down over my large hips and stepping out of them. And
there I stood, in the bathroom of my next door neighbour, Janice
Harris, in her body, in her bathroom, wearing her bra and panties. The
panties were lacy and a light blue colour. "She isn't one for matching
her undies," I thought to myself.

I then peeled off my panties, and got my first look at Mrs Harris'
pussy, in fact it was the first look at anyones pussy aside from ones
I'd seen online or in magazines. It was completely bald, which
surprised me, and one of my labia looked larger than the other. I
reached down and gently touched it, instantly taking my hand away as
if it had given me an electric shock. I didn't really want to touch
it, I didn't even want to look at it! It felt strange, alien almost,
it felt warm, but i didn't want to try and stimulate it, I was so
stressed and anxious about everything, playing with my new parts was
the last thing on my mind. I then turned my attention to trying to
remove my bra, reaching behind me and trying to unhook it. It
certainly wasn't as easy as women made it look in the movies, but
after 5 or 6 frustrating attempts managed to unhook the clasp,
immediately feeling the considerable weight of my boobs transfer from
my shoulders to my chest.

I slid the straps off my shoulders and down my arms, letting it fall
on the floor and stared at the reflection. Two red grooves marked my
shoulders where the thick straps had dug in through out the duration
of the day, and the relief on my shoulders was immediate, only for the
discomfort to transfer to my chest as I felt their weight pull me
forward slightly. Because of their size, I'd expected them to be
droopy once I removed the bra, but to my surprise, they didn't sag too
much at all, and I had to admit that despite her age, Mrs Harris had a
fine body, a little chubby perhaps, but she was all curves and had
very few wrinkles on her face. She certainly looked a lot younger than
her 48 years. I lifted the breasts with my hands and felt their weight
for myself. I certainly owned a lot more than a handful. The nipples
stiffened in the cool air of the bathroom, which was a weird
sensation. I held on to them as I went to look for some towels, as
walking around without a bra was not a comfortable experience, my
centre of gravity was still off and i felt I would topple over. What a
sight i must have looked as i waddled around holding my boobs to stop
them wobbling as i looked for some towels.

Returning to the bathroom i started looking through the huge array of
creams and soaps and shampoos. I recognised one of them that my mom
used, so I grabbed it along with some shampoo and stepped into the
shower. I stood there for an age, just letting the warm water cascade
over my new body, before finally finding the courage to start washing
myself, and running my hands round my new body. I took particular care
around my pussy as I didn't really want to touch it. Everything felt
strange in this body, my old body was tall and very slim, this one
short and podgy, not to mention my wide hips and huge boobs which
dominated my line of vision every time I looked down and influenced my
every movement. Turning the shower off, I tried myself down, taking
extra care to make sure i dried all the new folds in my skin and under
my breasts.

I was about to follow my normal routine and tie a towel around my
waste, before realising it would be pointless. I brushed my teeth
using, and made my way into the bedroom, where I found a hair dryer
and a brush and set about drying the unfamiliar long hair, trying to
mimic what I had seen my own mother do countless times with brushing
it through and drying it at the same time. Sitting on the edge of the
bed carrying out this simple straightforward taste i came to the
conclusion that i would have to get used to my boobs getting in the
way of every single thing i did. I had had them less than 6 hours and
they were already driving me mad. my arms were even bumping their
sides when i walked! Eventually my hair was dry enough and i found a
bobble to tie it in a ponytail away from my face, and then went to
look for something to wear in bed. I opened a closet and found and
array of outfits that clearly belonged to Mrs Harris, but they were
all day time clothes.

I opened the next closest, only to find more skirts and dresses. How
many outfits did this woman own! rummaging through the drawers and
feeling like a pervert I found some night dresses. They all seemed to
be made of silk or satin, and i slid one over my head onto my hairless
body. The fabric felt cool against my skin but i felt ridiculous
wearing it. I took it off again and rummaged through more drawers,
eventually stumbling upon one of Allen's. I took out a black cotton t-
shirt and put it on. It was so big on me it came almost to my knees,
but it felt more comfortable. My mind wasn't quite ready to be wearing
nighties or a chemise yet, so I settled on the t-shirt.

I climbed into the huge double bed, and tried to make myself
comfortable, which was a lot easier said than done. As a guy I always
slept on my stomach, something which was now impossible with my new
breasts. I tried the obvious solution of lying on my back, only to
have my boobs flop to my sides and armpits. Why did they have to be so
damn big! I rolled over onto my side and finally got comfortable. I
lay there for ages, the anxious feelings i had earlier getting so bad
I was now physically shaking. this wasn't right. Was Mrs Harris taking
some sort of medication and forgotten to tell me about I wondered? All
I wanted to do was so to go to sleep, I was emotionally exhausted. I
needed to speak with Mrs Harris to get help with this body and being a
woman. I really wasn't coping well. The sooner tomorrow came the
sooner i could speak to her and get some help. God I hated this life!

The following morning I awoke from an uneasy sleep. Any hope that the
events from the previous day had been nothing more than a really weird
dream quickly dispersed as I rolled over on the bed and felt the huge
weight on my chest move with me, flopping down with a strange slapping
sound as I turned over. The anxiety and stress I had been feeling the
night before was even worse and I was now starting to panic as well.
It had just gone 7am, so i figured Mrs Harris would be awake and
getting ready for school.

I called my old house and asked Mrs. Harris if she took any medication
I should know about. She sighed and said she would be right over.

As I sat on the bed I quickly realised how desperately I needed to
pee. I still hadn't been to the toilet in this body and it was
something I was dreading. I got up and went to the bathroom, lowering
my huge ass onto the freezing cold toilet seat. It was a weird
sensation, as i contemplated the possibility that I would never stand
and pee again, before forcing myself to think positively. When I'd
finished I sat there, feeling myself drip the last drops. "Do i get up
and shake it or do I wipe it dry" I thought to myself, before settling
on the latter option, taking great care not to do damage myself with
my nails.

In the kitchen, Mrs. Harris had rifled around in her old purse and
placed her Menthol 100s and lighter in front of me.

"But I hate smoking!" I had whined. But she just shrugged.

"I hate it too," she replied, "God only knows how many times I've
tried to quit. Its actually been a great feeling in your body not
craving the horrible things, but I'm sorry but it's part of your life
now Michael," she said showing very little sympathy.

I pulled one from the pack and had let Mrs. Harris light it for me.
Coughing and spluttering at the taste, I nearly put it straight out,
but Mrs. Harris wouldn't let me.

"No, you need to get used to this!" she protested .

"But it's horrible!" I whined pathetically.

"That's just tough!" she frowned. "It's your own fault you have my
body so you're just going to have to deal with the addiction that
comes with it. Now ignore the taste and let the smoke calm you down.
Once you get used to it you'll find it a great help when you're
stressed. And why are you wearing Allens tshirt?" she continued.

I looked sheepishly at the ground. "I couldn't bring myself to wearing
your clothes," I replied as I made another attempt to smoke the
horrible cigarette, although i had to admit, despite how horrible it
was, it was calming me down.

"I sometimes wear his t-shirts in bed too," Mrs Harris smiled. "I
really miss him," she continued, staring at the floor. "Im also going
to come over straight after school today. I'm going to have to show
you how to make yourself presentable and what you'll need to be able
to do that so people wont think I'm acting weird," she said. "Try and
stay out of trouble until then, oh, and from now on, call me Michael,
I'm going to only ever call you Janice, you need to get used to your
new name and if anyone else heard us they wouldn't think it strange."
I just nodded my agreement i was still in a daze about the whole thing
and Mrs Harris seemed to be adapting to everything a lot better than I
was.

We walked to the front door together and before she left, turned
around and said, "Make sure you get dressed today, at least try and
make yourself look presentable." As I watched Mrs Harris walk down the
path she turned and said, "Bye Janice, have a good day," while i just
nodded and cringed at being called Janice, before closing the door and
going back inside. I made my way to the kitchen and made myself a cup
of coffee, and tried to mentally prepare myself for the ordeal of
trying to dress and act like a 48 year old woman. I finished my coffee
and struggled through the last of my horrible cigarette, and headed
back upstairs to try and get myself ready for the day ahead.

I had another shower, although this time i was careful not to get my
hair wet as I really couldn't be bothered with the effort of drying it
again. I went back into the bedroom, and started looking through Mrs
Harris' underwear drawers. I couldn't help but feel like an intruder,
as I fetched out a pair of black body short panties, and a black bra.
"At least my underwear will match today" I thought to myself. I bent
down to put on my panties only for my enormous breasts to swing
heavily out under me almost causing me to lose my balance entirely and
fall over.

I stood up again a little unsure how to get over this hurdle, before
deciding it might be better to put the bra on first. I lifted the bra,
looking at it, and tried to figure out how to get it on. The size on
the label was a 36F, and for the first time I knew my new new breast
size, and although my knowledge of sizes wasn't great, I knew that was
big. Very big. Even Melanie Cassidy in school, who had the rather
unfortunate nickname of Melons, was allegedly only a double D, and the
realisation that my boobs were now bigger than hers did nothing to
improve my mood.

I slipped my arms through the straps and tried to fasten it at the
back, but it just didn't seem possible. Even standing looking in the
mirror wasn't helping as i just couldn't get the damn thing hooked,
hampered even further by my nails. I then decided the easiest way to
put it on would be to hook it up first then pull it over my head like
a t-shirt. It worked ok, until i got it to the top of my boobs and
found the band wouldn't stretch over their protruding mass.
Exasperated, I took it off and sat on the bed, staring at my
reflection in the dresser mirror, and having to fight back tears. "I
cant't even manage to get myself dressed," I thought to myself. I then
came up with the idea of fastening it at the front and spinning it
around, so I stood up, and attempted to fasten it under my breasts.
Again, this was easier said than done, as i couldn't really see what I
was doing, and their size once again limited my reach, but eventually
I managed it, so i spun it around and gently lifted my heavy breasts
into the soft satin cups. With that done I placed my straps on my
shoulders. Immediately I felt more comfortable, the weight from my
chest now was transferred across my shoulders and it seemed less of a
burden, plus it stopped them shaking and wobbling with every single
little movement I made.

With this seemingly simple task completed, I then managed to get my
panties on a lot easier. Underwear now on, I sat back on the bed to
try and motivate myself to get fully dressed. I got up and went to the
wardrobe, and started looking through the huge array of clothes. I had
no intention of wearing a skirt or a dress, which made up the vast
majority of the outfits. I found a single pair of black jeans, so took
them along with a black top. I pulled on the jeans, having to work
them over my huge ass, which was easier said than done as my nails
wouldn't let me grip them properly without feeling like they were
going to be painfully ripped from my fingers, but I finally got them
up and fastened, and put the top on over my head. The top was what i
now know as a Bardot top, so it was off my shoulder and left my black
bra straps in plain sight. I wasn't sure if I looked ridiculous, or
unintentionally stylish, but it would have to do. Mrs Harris had a
whole section of a wardrobe filled entirely with shoes. Most were high
heeled pumps, in pretty much every colour from white to patent black,
but she also had a selection of wedged heels shoes, strappy heeled
sandals and lots of pairs of high heeled boots. The one thing she
didn't seem to have was flat shoes or running shoes.

I lived my old life pretty much entirely in sneakers, and I thought
that surely Mrs Harris would at least one pair of sneakers, but try as
I might i couldn't find any. I did manage to find a pair of flat
ballet pumps, complete with a bow across the toes. They were
incredibly feminine, but they would have to do, so I slipped them on
my feet, feet that had the toenails painted the same pink as my finger
nails, and there I stood, in front of a full length mirror, having
dressed myself from head to toe as a woman. I kept my hair back in a
ponytail, and I still had on the earrings and necklace that Mrs Harris
was wearing when we switched bodies the previous night, but only
because my long nailed fingers weren't able to undo the catches to
take them off. As I stood there looking at myself, I wondered what i
was going to do until this afternoon when Mrs Harris got back from
school. It was going to be a long day of waiting around.

My day waiting on Mrs Harris coming back from school dragged. I sat
around watching daytime TV, and as my stress and anxiety levels
started to go through the roof as the morning went on, i forced myself
to smoke another of her awful cigarettes, in fact, by the time Mrs
Harris arrived at half past three, I had already smoked another four
of them.

I rushed to the door as soon as I spotted my old body coming up the
path, and opened it before she even rang the bell. "Hi Janice" she
said, as she strode into the house. I was immediately made more aware
of how short i was as my old body towered over me. "Hi Michael" I
mumbled as I followed meekly behind her. She sat on the couch and
after discussing her day at school for about five minutes she turned
her attention to me.

"Right Janice, we need to get you accustomed to your new role" she
said, getting up. "Come upstairs and we w ill go through a few
things." I followed her upstairs to the main bedroom, and Mrs Harris
sat on the end of the bed, as I took a seat by the vanity table.

"I think we may be stuck in each others bodies for a while," she said.
"I've been looking through that book and i just cant see how we can
get out of this quickly," she continued. "As such, I think its
important that we totally immerse ourselves in each others lives until
we work it all out. It will be easier for me as I've been through
school before and your life is a lot more fluid, plus as a teenager
mood swings and moodiness are the norm, but for you, its going to be a
bit more hard work, and also Janice, you need to keep my life running
normally, because I promise you this, if you start messing my life up
and continue to behave like a 16 year old boy and destroy my
friendships or my marriage, I'll burn that book and you'll be stuck as
me forever, do you understand? You need to start acting and thinking
like a woman, dressing appropriately and behaving appropriately. Your
life wont be difficult, you essentially need to keep this house nice,
cook Allen's meals, iron his shirts, and wash his clothes, and keep
yourself looking as nice as possible for him, and obviously as you are
married to him you will need to keep him satisfied in the bedroom. I
also volunteer one day a week at a local charity for the elderly,
where i work as a receptionist. Its pretty easy, just answering phones
and making coffee and sending emails, it wont be difficult for you. If
you do all of that then everything will be fine, and when we figure
this damn spell out we can swap back and no one will ever know, but I
promise you Janice, if you mess this up, its your life you will ruin
even more, not mine!"

I nodded in agreement, fighting back tears as the realisation of my
predicament hit me again.

Mrs Harris continued. "The outfit you've chosen today isn't bad
Janice, but you need to wear heels with it. I never wear flat shoes,
and with Allen being much taller than me it makes sense. Also your
hair is a mess and you've no makeup on, but thats why I'm here now,
I'm going to teach you all about makeup and show you some simple
hairstyles you can do. But i cant keep coming over and teaching you
these things, so you'll have to spend a lot of time practicing
yourself. Youtube will be a great help, as will my magazines, as I'm
always trying new looks I see in them. so first things first, go and
get some black heels, put them on and walk over."

Seeing no point in protesting, I got up and walked nervously over to
the closet that contained most of Mrs Harris' shoes. I selected a pair
of black heels that had a slight platform at the rounded toe and a 4
inch heel. I stepped into the them, holding on to the closet door for
balance. I immediately felt my posture change and my calves tighten
up, and minced unsteadily back over to where Mrs Harris was sitting,
acutely aware of the click clack of the narrow heal on the wooden
floor. Mrs Harris smiled at me as I walked over, and then proceeded to
tell me how to stand, and how to walk, keeping my shoulders back and
pushing my chest out. I didn't really want to draw any more attention
to my bust, but the heels only made my curves stand out even more.
They also made me more conscious of my chest, if that was even
possible, as each step caused my boobs to bounce a little more than
normal, making me more aware of the tug of the straps on my shoulders.

I walked up and down for a couple of hours, practicing and practicing,
I practiced how to sit, stand, and worst of all how to walk downstairs
wearing heels, which terrified me the first few times as I clung on to
the bannisters for dear life, but finally she was satisfied i was
competent enough and we we were able to go to the next part of my
evenings tuition. Makeup. Mrs Harris explained how she never left the
house without at least some makeup on, and I would have to be exactly
the same. I learned Mrs Harris had her day makeup, evening make, and
what she called her "full face makeup" which she put on when she was
having evenings out with Allen, or she wanted something from Allen. I
wasn't told what this something was, and although I could hazard a
good guess, I was too afraid to ask. I spent the next couple of hours
learning the basics of applying makeup and fixing my hair, and I have
to admit I was overwhelmed by it all. I had no idea how i would ever
maintain the deception that I was Janice Harris. But what choice did I
have. I would have to give it my best shot.

The next morning I awoke from another fitful nights sleep, and as I
lay there in the bed I tried to mentally prepare myself for what would
be my first day in the outside world as a woman. I got up and
showered, and started to get dressed. Mrs Harris has selected an
outfit for me to help me out, and after putting on my white bra and
panties, I pulled on the dress that she had selected over my head, It
was a mostly white dress, with a red and pink flowery pattern running
through it. It came to just above my knee, but showed off a huge
amount of cleavage that i was less than comfortable with as the last
thing I wanted to do was draw attention to myself. I then sat at my
dresser to start the task of doing my hair and makeup. I started with
the foundation, and after all the previous days practice managed to
get it on with minimal fuss. next I did my eyes. Even Mrs Harris' idea
of minimal day makeup meant eyeliner and lots of mascara. I got the
eyeliner on first and was quite surprised to get it on right at my
first try as I had really struggled with that the previous day. I then
layered my thick fake lashes with mascara. My lashes were to get re
done on Fridays visit to the salon, but their long length and
thickness made my blue eyes look huge. I then added a little blush,
before I put the sticky pink lipgloss on my full feminine lips. I then
used a large black plastic hair claw to clip my long blonde hair up,
and tucked the stray strands behind my ears.

Looking in the mirror, the reflection staring back was that of a
middle aged woman. My 16 year old male brain was still struggling to
process the image. I put some bangles on my left arm, and a watch on
my right, before putting in some gold hoop earrings, struggling a
little with my nails, but eventually getting them in. The mascara made
my already heavy eyelashes feel even heavier, and I didn't like the
taste of my lip gloss on my lips, but like everything else that had
been thrown at me the last couple of days I'd just have to get used to
them. I put my makeup bag in my black handbag, along with my
cigarettes, a lighter, and my money and phone. A quick spray with some
perfume, I stood up from the dresser and went to fetch my shoes for
today, which were a pair of nude pumps with a pointed toe and a four
inch heel. I slipped them on to my feet, and that was me done ready to
face the outside world as a 48 year old woman for the first time. I
didn't have to go far when I was out, I had to visit a couple of
stores to buy food to cook a nice meal for Allen after his return from
working away on Friday, and buy a few things Mrs Harris said I had to
get that I would need for housework. I made my way downstairs, and
ready to go out to face the world. I desperately wanted a cigarette to
calm me down, but I was trying to smoke as little as possible, and
besides, I didn't want to mess up my lip gloss and have to reapply it.

I opened the front door, took a deep breath and minced towards my car,
which was a pink VW Beatle, apparently Mrs Harris had always wanted
one, and Allen had obliged and bought her one on her last birthday. My
high heels clicked and clacked down the drive, and as someone who had
spent pretty much their entire life wearing sneakers, it suddenly
dawned on me that the the click clack of my heels would be a noise
that would follow me around as long as I was stuck in this body,
announcing to everyone within earshot that a woman was walking nearby.
I got into my car and fastened my seatbelt, another seemingly simple
action that my huge bust made almost impossible, as I was unable to
get it to sit snugly across my chest, before eventually again to get
it to sit between my boobs. I finally got to the shopping mall I was
headed too, and found to my dismay that it was super busy. There were
also no spaces near the entrance, so I had to park at the very edge of
the carpark and mince and wiggle my way across. I felt like everyone
was staring at me, wondering why a 16 year old boy was wearing a
dress, but in reality very few people gave me a second glance, and
those who did were usually men ogling my cleavage. Once inside the
mall I headed to the store I needed to, and bought some steaks.

Being addressed as "Miss" by everyone was also incredibly weird, and
would take some getting used to. My height, even with the additional
four inches my uncomfortable footwear added would take a lot of
getting used to, a fact highlighted when I couldn't reach the bottle
of red wine on my list, even standing on the very tips of my toes, and
i had to humiliatingly go and ask a store assistant to fetch it down
for me. Having got everything on my list I went to a little cafe and
ordered a latte, and sat outside to drink it. I lit a hated cigarette
as I waited, glad to finally be off my feet and he uncomfortable heels
for a while, and subconsciously reached inside my dress to momentarily
relieve the strain on my shoulders from my bra straps. The young
waitress who took my coffee out was absolutely gorgeous, and for the
first time since I landed myself in this body I found myself feeling
sexually aroused. I looked away embarrassed, crossing my legs and the
unfamiliar warm feeling spread and I felt myself getting wet. I felt
like crying. Why was this happening to me? what did I do to deserve
this fate?

**Good story? Or room for improvement? Please review!**

---

[Read](https://www.fictionmania.tv/review/readreview.html?fbcntrl=36277) Reviews   [Add](https://www.fictionmania.tv/review/addreview.html?fbcntrl=36277) Review    [Report](https://www.fictionmania.tv/stories/report.html?fbcntrl=36277&storyID=1536675842118509270) Inappropriate Story

---

The above work is the copyrighted material of the respective author. If you would like to archive it elsewhere, please contact the author and ask permission first, unless noted otherwise in their story.

For further details on Fictionmania's policy, please read this [disclaimer](https://www.fictionmania.tv/author/disclaimer.html).