[[ReadItLater]] [[Article]]

# [The new Mrs Harris Part 4](https://www.fictionmania.tv/stories/readtextstory.html?storyID=1536757874156698003)

by: [Lejla](https://www.fictionmania.tv/searchdisplay/authordisplay.html?word=5844)  -   [Read](https://www.fictionmania.tv/author/readbio.html?authorlink=5844) Author's Biography    [Send eMail](https://www.fictionmania.tv/cdn-cgi/l/email-protection#3458515e58550d03505b5a5b42555a745359555d581a575b590b4741565e51574009725d57405d5b5a59555a5d550e14605c51145a514314794647147c5546465d4714645546401400) to Author  

View Story [Details](https://www.fictionmania.tv/stories/details.html?storyID=1536757874156698003)

| Rating: | **XXX** | [Add](https://www.fictionmania.tv/review/addreview.html?fbcntrl=36288) Review   [Read](https://www.fictionmania.tv/review/readreview.html?fbcntrl=36288) Reviews, Last Review **09/24/18** (**7**) | Added: **09/13/2018** |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| Complete: | **no** |
| Synopsis: | Michael goes t work as Janice and becomes a wife in every sense! |  |  |
| Categories: | [Age Progression](https://www.fictionmania.tv/searchdisplay/storycatdisplay.html?word=1035)  [Body Swap](https://www.fictionmania.tv/searchdisplay/storycatdisplay.html?word=1029)  [Lingerie](https://www.fictionmania.tv/searchdisplay/storycatdisplay.html?word=1076)  [Magical Transformations](https://www.fictionmania.tv/searchdisplay/storycatdisplay.html?word=1004)  [Smoking](https://www.fictionmania.tv/searchdisplay/storycatdisplay.html?word=1075)  [Workplace Situations](https://www.fictionmania.tv/searchdisplay/storycatdisplay.html?word=1051)  |  |  |
| Keywords: | [Breast Enlargement](https://www.fictionmania.tv/searchdisplay/keyworddisplay.html?word=1030)  [Defiant](https://www.fictionmania.tv/searchdisplay/keyworddisplay.html?word=1031)  [Hair or Hair Salon](https://www.fictionmania.tv/searchdisplay/keyworddisplay.html?word=1005)  [Long Finger Nails](https://www.fictionmania.tv/searchdisplay/keyworddisplay.html?word=1003)  [Very High Heels](https://www.fictionmania.tv/searchdisplay/keyworddisplay.html?word=1004)  |  |  |

---

  

When I returned home that evening I resumed my mundane duties of doing
housework and washing. At least it kept me busy. I also had to
mentally prepare myself for my one day a week job, which was coming up
the following day. Only a few days ago I was at school with ambitions
of being a computer programmer, and yet here I was not facing the
prospect of my career being that of a one day a week receptionist! I
decided to take a bath to try and relax. I never normally took a bath
in my male body, but the bath in this house was huge and I wanted to
try it out.

As I got in and lay back in the water I felt relief on my shoulders
and chest as the water took the weight of my breasts. I could never
have imagined that such a simple thing could make me feel so happy,
but having spent the last three days carrying them around, the feeling
was one of bliss. I lay there until the water got cold before finally
getting out and drying off, then going through the process of
moisturising myself, using lots of the various lotions Mrs Harris kept
for this purpose. I really didn't want to go get dressed again, so I
put on Allen's t-shirt again and went to bed.

 The feelings of arousal I had earlier had built and built all day,
and I was now hornier than I had ever been in my life. In my old life
this was something easily fixed, but in this body I still hadn't tried
to stimulate myself. As I lay in bed I decided this had to change, I
simply couldn't bare it any longer, and reached my hand down. Even
this simple procedure was hampered by my breasts flopping down by my
sides to such an extent i even considered putting a bra on to keep
them out of the way, but I continued on, rubbing a long nailed finger
along my clitoris. I could feel myself building towards an orgasm, and
as I continued to rub it got nearer and nearer, but when it came,
instead of making me feel satisfied, it was so weak it did virtually
nothing to help with my arousal.

I lay in the bed a little unsure of what to do or whether I had even
did it right, but one thing was for sure, I needed to do something as
I couldn't live with this level of horniness. I rolled over on my
side, pushing the thought that the only cure to this might be having
sex with Allen when he came home on Friday to the back of my mind, and
thought instead about my previous life as Michael and my school crush
Melissa, before finally drifting off to sleep.

The following morning I followed my usual routine of getting ready.
The place where Mrs Harris worked one day a week had a uniform of
sorts, and Mrs Harris had set it all aside for me earlier in the week.
I quickly strapped on the bra she had left out, a huge white sturdy
one with four hooks on the back and wide thick shoulder straps, and
then put on a pair of white panties, before tacking the pair of tan
pantyhose, taking great care not to rip them with my annoyingly long
nails. I then stepped into the navy blue skirt and zipped it up at the
back. The skirt was tight across my huge ass, and fell to a couple of
inches below my knees. next came the crisp white blouse, and as i put
it on it became very clear that my huge ugly bra and its big thick
straps would be easy to make out through the thin material. I was
hugely embarrassed by this. It was bad enough having to dress as a
woman, but people seeing i had an ugly "granny bra" on, made it even
worse. I took the blouse back off and went to my underwear drawer,
where i found a pretty white lacy bra that only had two hooks and was
a lot slimmer than the one Mrs Harris had left out. I put it on,
adjusting my boobs into the large cups, and re buttoned up my blouse,
just about managing to close it across my bust. The skirt I had on was
severely restricting my stride, and I walked with a more exaggerated
wiggle than normal. I stepped into a pair of 4 inch heeled stiletto
heels, the same colour as my skirt, and looked at myself in the full
length mirror, wincing at how big my ass looked in the skirt and
hoping that the buttons on my blouse wouldn't pop open. I had to also
attach a name tag on my blouse, which i found hugely embarrassing. I'd
have to walk around all day with the name "Janice" pinned above my
left breast. I sat down at my table and did my makeup, adding a little
dark grey eyeshadow and a light red lipstick. I clipped some of my
hair away from my face but left the rest of it down, and left for
work.

The drive over took a lot longer than expected, and by the time I got
to the office car park I was already late. I got out out of the car,
having to swing both legs out together such was the tightness of my
skirt, and made my way to the office. In my old body i could have
sprinted across the carpark in about fifteen seconds, but in this
skirt and these heels my progress was slow. I tried to walk quickly,
and it was when doing this I realised my vanity over my bra was going
to hamper me further, as the bra I was now wearing wasn't really up to
the job of both supporting and holding my huge tits steady, and they
bounced about painfully as soon as i quickened my pace, forcing me to
slow down. When I got to my office I took my seat at my desk. Mrs
Harris had left details on what I was to do, and who I worked with. I
shared the office with the full time receptionist Molly, who was a
stunningly good looking girl. She was in her early twenties, with
shoulder length blonde hair and small pert breasts. She was dressed
almost identically to me, although her skirt was only mid thigh
length, and I stared enviously at her shoes, which had a low chunky
heel of no more than an inch, and looked a million times more
comfortable than mine.

The work itself was mostly just data entry and answering the phones.
The data entry was made a lot harder than it needed to be mainly due
to the length of my nails. Molly was quite chatty, but it was mostly
about guys she had been dating and asking my advice on which guys she
should date, or about clothes and fashion, things I know little about
or had any interest in. The day dragged on, I ended up ringing errands
and making coffee too, and was only broken up for lunch, or when Molly
decided we should have a cigarette break, when we outside to smoke and
chat. Standing outside with Molly smoking made me feel even more
ridiculous. My huge boobs and ass were in contrast to her svelte
figure, and I felt everyone who went past were staring at us, and to
make matters worse, my horniness kept building throughout the day to
the point I could think of very little else apart from getting some
relief, the penis in my mind had a hard on and it just wouldn't go
away, and having the sexy Molly for company all day did nothing to
help, as I found everything she did effortlessly sexy. By the time I
got home I was practically shaking with the sexual frustration I was
feeling. I got through the front door and immediately kicked off my
heels and ran myself a bath. I was genuinely starting to panic about
what tomorrow would bring. I had a long session booked at the hair and
beauty salon, and Allen was due home at 6pm, and I was supposed to be
his wife, and the very thought of what that might bring filled me with
dread.

At 10am the following morning I found myself sitting in the salon,
bewildered about what was going on around me. Mrs Harris had already
emailed ahead about what she wanted done. I had already sat with my
nails soaking in acetone for an hour, and i was finally free from the
talons that had made doing even the simplest of tasks so awkward. I
was waxed, which wasn't as painful as I thought it would be until they
got to my pubic area. I was so embarrassed to let other people see me
like this, especially as all the girls in the salon was beautiful and
I was in such a state of arousal. I had my hair dyed, trimmed and set,
and then my respite from my nails was ended when I had an even longer
set applied, and painted in a clear "baby boomer" style, that extended
a good half inch beyond my finger tips. Finally I had new super long
semi permanent lashes applied, before one of the girls set to work
giving me a full mac makeover. When she finished I barely recognised
Mrs Harris' reflection. The dramatic heavy makeup and new hairstyle
made me look ten years younger. I thanked the girls for their work and
minced out to my car for the drive home, when i would have to get
dressed and wait for my husband to return from his week away at work.

As I wiggled my way up my drive way to my new home, I spotted Mrs
Harris in my body, on my bicycle, cycling down the street. She waved
over and looked like she was laughing but I couldn't be sure. I just
wanted to get indoors and hide away. I got in and got changed into the
outfits that had been set aside at the start of the week. It was the
last outfit Mrs Harris had prepared so after this I was on my own. I
put on the black satin push up bra first, why on earth I needed a bra
to make these boobs stand out further and look even bigger I didn't
know, but I put it on, and then carefully rolled the thigh high black
holdup stockings up my legs, before stepping in to the matching black
satin panties. I then pulled the low cut black dress over my head. it
was tight around my chest and showed an enormous amount of cleavage,
while moulding tightly round my ass and finishing a couple of inches
above my knee. I put on a pair of large silver chandelier earrings,
before slipping my stockinged feet into a pair of patent black 5 inch
spiked heels. I sat on the couch waiting for him to arrive home, my
heart beating out of chest. Finally i heard his car pull into the
drive and I stood up and minced towards the front door, the click
clack of my high heels mocking me I did. The door opened and Allen
walked in.

"Hows my beautiful blonde bombshell?" he asked an he kissed me full on
the lips. I reached up and put my arms around his neck as I thought
thats what he would expect. Even in the ridiculous heels Allen still
towered over me, and as we broke from our embrace I noticed my bright
red lipstick had smeared across his lips. I wiped it off with my
thumb, and told him his dinner was almost ready, and wiggled into the
kitchen. As I got there I had to try not to wretch. I had just kissed
a man! Allen arrived in the kitchen a few minutes later, putting his
arm around my waist while standing behind me, kissing the back of
neck. It almost made my knees tremble, his kisses finding an overly
sensitive spot on my neck, and I felt myself getting wet despite the
disgust i felt in my head. this continued throughout the evening,
fondling me as I washed up and nibbling my neck. I had tried my best
to laugh it off , as but I knew what he was after. we walked up the
stairs together, and Allen continued to kiss me. He unzipped my dress
and let it fall to the floor, and I stood there in my underwear and
heels. He unhooked my bra, and I felt the sudden weight shift on my
chest, as his rough hands ran over my nipples making me gasp as they
went instantly erect. I took of my heels, feeling the instant relief
on my calves but also suddenly feeling a lot shorter and very
vulnerable. I sat on the bed as Allen removed my stockings, rolling
them down my legs. I was breathing heavily, from a mixture of fear and
panic that Allen no doubt mistook for arousal. I removed my panties
and now lay naked on the bed as Allen started to undress. We kissed,
long with lots of tongue and I shuddered. I never thought I would wish
I was gay. Allan suckled on one of my huge breasts and I closed my
eyes letting the feeling make me wet. I found myself fantasising about
Melissa as my husband knelt over me and cried out as he plunged inside
me.

It was the weirdest, most horrible feeling ever. A man's cock was
actually inside me! But I couldn't deny it felt good and that was
maybe the worst part, I was enjoying it. Not the hairy man sweating
and groaning above me, but the feelings he was giving me. I
concentrated in my fantasy, picturing Melissa with her cheer leader
outfit on.

"Oh god! Oh god! Oh my god!" I cried out, my nails digging in to
Allens back, as I felt the orgasm that i desperately needed
approaching, I was so close, only for Allen shoot his hot load into
me, before collapsing on me in a sweaty heap. I tried to keep going,
but it was useless, Allen was already going soft inside me. I still
hadn't cum and he had finished!!

"God damn woman," he laughed his rough stubble ruining my fantasy as
he pumped the last of his cum into me.

I was an emotional wreck as I stood naked in the bathroom cleaning
myself up. I had just lost my virginity, but not to a hot cheer leader
as I had always hoped but to a 50 year old man. Worse I had enjoyed it
mostly, and would have loved it if i had reached orgasm. I wiped the
sticky mess from crotch, choking back a sob at the disgustingness of
it. My huge tits jiggled about unrestrained. Fluid still leaked out if
me, so I put a panty liner in a pair of panties and pulled them on.
The control panel holding in my muffin-top. I was supposed to be a 16-
old guy! I thumped a long nailed fist onto the sink in anger causing
my breasts to jiggle.

I got back into bed. Allan was already snoring, but I was wide awake
fighting against the conflicting emotions I felt. I pulled out my
cigarettes from the bedside drawer and lit one. I leaned back against
the headboard and exhaled letting the horrible smoke calm me down. I
looked at the wedding ring on my finger again and then to my snoring
husband before staring at my reflection in the dress mirror on the
other side of the room. A middle aged woman sitting back enjoying a
post-sex cigarette. God what had I become?! I imagined going on a date
with Melissa like this and squeezed my eyes shut against the tears.
Even if she was that way inclined, I could be her mother, hell I could
almost be her grandmother! No Mrs. Harris was right. I had made my bed
and now I had to lie in it. I finished my cigarette and stubbed it out
on the ashtray on my bedside table, and tried to get comfortable
enough to sleep, which was easier said than done. As a guy i always
slept on my stomach, something which was now impossible with my new
breasts. Why did they have to be so damn big! Even lying on my back
they flopped to my sides and armpits. I rolled over onto my side and
finally got comfortable, only for Allen to cuddle up to me, spooning
me, his hand reaching over and cupping one of my breasts. God I hated
this life!

I woke up the following morning lying in the same position I had
fallen asleep. Allen had thankfully moved over to his side of the bed
during the night and was no longer touching me. I had a sudden urge to
go to the toilet, so got out of bed and hurried to the bathroom, my
right arm across my chest to try and reduce the bouncing of my
breasts. As I sat on the cold seat gradually I realised that the
extreme horniness I had felt the previous day had not subsided, in
fact, if anything it had gotten worse. I wiped myself down and crept
back into bed, trying not to waken my sleeping husband as I did.

I lay there for what seemed like ages debating in my head something
that i never thought I would ever have to consider. Should I wake him
up for sex and try again to get some sexual relief? The thought of it
made me sick to my stomach, and to be in a situation where the only
thing that might make me cum was the thing that disgusted my male mind
most was horrifying. But i just couldn't shake the feeling of absolute
desperation for some relief, so I rolled over to my other side, my
heavy breasts flopping down with an awkward slap, and cuddled up to
him to try and waken him. He was lying on his back, and I got as close
to him, laying my head on his chest. I nervously reached down, and
carefully took his soft penis in my hand, being careful with my long
nails not to hurt him. I then started to run my hand along the shaft,
and then dragged my nails lightly across his balls. He groaned and
started to stir, so I kept going, and very soon I had massaged him to
a full erection.

I kissed him on the chest, and then on his lips, feeling nothing but
disgust inside for my actions, but my need to get some relief was far
too great to let my pride stop me. "Good morning honey" I purred as he
finally woke up, He smiled at me, and kissed me hard, "Good morning
Princess" he replied as he rolled me over on my back and straddled me.
This time though I was determined to be in control, and as he entered
me and I could feel myself tighten around his shaft, I tried to
control the rhythm, keeping him slow and as I felt myself build once
again towards orgasm. I heard myself groaning and moaning, it just
felt far too good, and I tried to blank the noises out as I
concentrated on trying to get Allen to last long long enough. His arms
had gathered my boobs up at from my sides and they were now bouncing
uncontrollably and uncomfortably on my chest as his big arms cradled
them, almost hitting my face as he pumped me. He kissed my neck and my
lips, but i was so caught up in the moment i never kissed back, as
little high pitched squeaks escaped my mouth as I felt the orgasm
approach.

I arched my back as it hit me, and let out an embarrassing high
pitched equal as it did. My whole body convulsed as it hit me. This
was nothing like the orgasms i had achieved when i masterbated. This
was way more intense and powerful and it lasted much longer, and as it
subsided Allen was still pumping away, obviously spurred on by my
moaning and squealing. About a minute later I felt another one
building, and again I tensed myself for it hitting. The second one was
even more powerful than the first, I screamed as it hit, and this one
was so powerful I felt light headed and on the brink of passing out as
I felt Allen finally releasing his load into me. He collapsed in a
sweaty heap beside me panting, I too was exhausted by the experience,
but the relief I felt made it worth every single second.

"I love you woman," Allen panted, as i put his face between my tits.
"I love you too," I relied, cringing inside and now starting to feel
thoroughly ashamed of what I had just done. I needed a cigarette
badly. "I've said it once and I'll say it again, I'm the luckiest guy
on the planet!" he said panting. I just smiled in response. "Look
honey, I'm sorry I've got to get up early for golf otherwise I'd stay
in bed with you all morning."

"That's ok honey, I'll go make you breakfast," I replied, playing the
part of the meek housewife.

Allen got in the shower and I donned a dressing gown and headed
downstairs to the kitchen. I put some eggs on and finally lit the
cigarette my 48 year old body was screaming for, cursing as I always
did, Mrs. Harris's disgusting addiction that I had been saddled with.
Blowing out the smoke I noticed that my parents and Mrs. Harris were
getting into the car on the drive next door. I frowned at their
unnaturally early start on a Saturday and then remembered that my mom
had told me they were checking out a college out of town today. I took
another drag of my horrid cigarette and went to turn back to the
breakfast. And this was how my life continued for the next couple of
months. It wasn't even as if Mrs. Harris life was difficult. In fact I
had got quite good at being a housewife. I was good at cooking and
keeping the house, and I was much more organized than I used to be. I
had pretty much mastered dressing as a woman and putting on make-up. I
would even go as far as saying I was a pretty good lover. Sex with
Allen had become an almost nightly occurrence and, I was ashamed to
admit, most of the time it was initiated by me. Mrs. Harris body had
needs that couldn't be satisfied on my own and Allen did his best to
be an attentive lover, even though I felt no attraction to him. I
didn't always achieve an orgasm though, which was so frustrating for
as for some reason I had an a very high sex drive.

Later that week I was driving back from the salon. This was not a sign
of me accepting my new femininity, it was just that Mrs. Harris
visited at least once a week and I guess I would be from now on, which
was quite embarrassing. The girls who did the work on me and gave me
my waxing were young and quite pretty and I prayed they didn't notice
my arousal as the worked around my private area. I had also had my
hair set, new semi permanent eyelashes put on, and my old false nails
removed and new acrylics attached, these ones the same length as the
last set I had, although why I even agreed to that I will never know,
as I was struggling badly with the old ones, but i just went along
with the girl in the salons suggestion. The whole time i felt like an
idiot as I sat with my nails soaking and rollers in my hair with the
other women chatting about soap operas and our men.

I pulled into my drive and stepped out the car. I was wearing a long
leopard print top with black leggings and cork-soled wedge platform
sandals, which were at least 5 inches high at the heel and 3 inches at
the toe. They made me walk with a wobbling mince but they were more
comfortable than some of my heels.

"Hi Michael," a voice said behind me and I turned to find Mrs. Harris
arriving home on my old bike.

"Hi Mrs. Harris," I responded and blushed at how stupid we must sound.

"You look nice," she replied awkwardly

"Thanks, I've just come back from the salon."

"Wow the salon!" she said surprised. "So you're settling in fine
then?."

"Not really," I responded flatly "but I hear you have a girlfriend," I
continued a bit icily.

"Yeah....maybe we should have a talk."

I nodded and followed him into my old house, my wedge heels clip-
clopping embarrassingly as I minced across the wooden floor. Even in
these shoes i was a good 8 or 9 inches shorter than i had been in my
old body. God, I longed to be back with my family and started to feel
the tears welling up.

Sitting in the lounge, Mrs. Harris brought me some lemonade and we sat
in uncomfortable silence.

"Your nails are lovely," the former Mrs Harris commented as i took a
drink from my lemonade.

I glanced at them and mumbled a thanks, the French manicured set
extending more than a half inch beyond my finger tips. I was still
getting used to having long nails, sometimes even the simplest tasks
became almost impossible, but Mrs Harris always kept her nails nice,
and i didn't want to raise any suspicion with Allen that anything was
wrong. Besides, he loved me playing with his cock and balls with my
nails, and as much i didn't want to admit it to myself, i had a duty
to keep my husband satisfied.

"So have you translated anymore of the book?" I asked, slightly
accusingly.

"Not really."

"Have you translated anymore?" I continued.

"No," she replied quietly, looking at her feet.

"I knew it," I barked a humourless laugh, which sounded hysterical in
my female voice "you have no intention of trying to swap back. I'm
stuck in your middle-aged housewife's body, having to satisfy your
hairy 50-year old husband every night, whist you live the easy life
with the girl I have had a crush on for years! I have to cook and
clean and iron and, and, and smoke!" I said suddenly noticing that, as
was the norm when I got upset, I had fished my cigarettes from my
purse. I threw them back in anger and wiped a tear from my eye.

"And whose fault is that!" Mrs. Harris yelled back. "Yours! Every day
I yearn to hold Allen or speak to my daughters, but I can't because of
you and that stupid book! Forget about using the book, enough people
have been hurt."

"I'll try."

"Repeat after me: I am Janice Harris, a 48-year old housewife with a
loving husband."

"I am Janice Harris. A 48-old housewife with a loving husband."
Amazingly I managed it without crying.

"Good. I want you to say that every morning you wake up and before you
go to bed, and any time you think about your old life. Forget about
swapping back, please" She squeezed my hand to emphasize the last
point.

I nodded and left, mincing back to her...no my house. As soon as I got
in doors I fumbled for the cigarette this body was horribly craving.
Lighting it, I quickly exhaled against the tears...

"I am Janice Harris. A 48-old housewife with a loving husband."

**Good story? Or room for improvement? Please review!**

---

[Read](https://www.fictionmania.tv/review/readreview.html?fbcntrl=36288) Reviews   [Add](https://www.fictionmania.tv/review/addreview.html?fbcntrl=36288) Review    [Report](https://www.fictionmania.tv/stories/report.html?fbcntrl=36288&storyID=1536757874156698003) Inappropriate Story

---

The above work is the copyrighted material of the respective author. If you would like to archive it elsewhere, please contact the author and ask permission first, unless noted otherwise in their story.

For further details on Fictionmania's policy, please read this [disclaimer](https://www.fictionmania.tv/author/disclaimer.html).