---

---
[[ReadItLater]] [[Article]]

# [FictionMania Story: The new Mrs Harris](https://www.fictionmania.tv/stories/readtextstory.html?storyID=153652104045400273)

by: [Lejla](https://www.fictionmania.tv/searchdisplay/authordisplay.html?word=5844)  -   [Read](https://www.fictionmania.tv/author/readbio.html?authorlink=5844) Author's Biography    [Send eMail](https://www.fictionmania.tv/cdn-cgi/l/email-protection#1f737a75737e26287b707170697e715f78727e7673317c7072206c6a7d757a7c6b2259767c6b767071727e71767e253f4b777a3f717a683f526d6c3f577e6d6d766c) to Author  

View Story [Details](https://www.fictionmania.tv/stories/details.html?storyID=153652104045400273)

| Rating: | **XXX** | [Add](https://www.fictionmania.tv/review/addreview.html?fbcntrl=36257) Review   [Read](https://www.fictionmania.tv/review/readreview.html?fbcntrl=36257) Reviews, Last Review **03/16/20** (**8**) | Added: **09/10/2018** |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| Complete: | **no** |
| Synopsis: | A 16 year old boy finds himself in the body of his 48 year old neighbour |  |  |
| Categories: | [Age Progression](https://www.fictionmania.tv/searchdisplay/storycatdisplay.html?word=1035)  [Body Swap](https://www.fictionmania.tv/searchdisplay/storycatdisplay.html?word=1029)  [Fast Transformation](https://www.fictionmania.tv/searchdisplay/storycatdisplay.html?word=1060)  [Magical Transformations](https://www.fictionmania.tv/searchdisplay/storycatdisplay.html?word=1004)  [Smoking](https://www.fictionmania.tv/searchdisplay/storycatdisplay.html?word=1075)  [Stuck](https://www.fictionmania.tv/searchdisplay/storycatdisplay.html?word=1008)  [Workplace Situations](https://www.fictionmania.tv/searchdisplay/storycatdisplay.html?word=1051)  |  |  |
| Keywords: | [Autobiographical](https://www.fictionmania.tv/searchdisplay/keyworddisplay.html?word=1024)  [Breast Enlargement](https://www.fictionmania.tv/searchdisplay/keyworddisplay.html?word=1030)  [Defiant](https://www.fictionmania.tv/searchdisplay/keyworddisplay.html?word=1031)  [Hair or Hair Salon](https://www.fictionmania.tv/searchdisplay/keyworddisplay.html?word=1005)  [Long Finger Nails](https://www.fictionmania.tv/searchdisplay/keyworddisplay.html?word=1003)  [Very High Heels](https://www.fictionmania.tv/searchdisplay/keyworddisplay.html?word=1004)  |  |  |

---

It's hard to believe that was only two months ago today. It feels
like years. I sigh and walk towards the coffee shop, the knee length
skirt of my summer dress swishes around my legs in the breeze and my
large pillowy breasts jiggle with each step. I try to ignore the
feeling but even after two months it's still embarrassing to be out
in public dressed like a woman. Of course I am a woman now, a fact
that is underlined by the clicking of my 4 inch high heeled sandals.
It had been almost impossible to walk in high heels when I first
found myself in this body but after two months I almost mastered it,
with only a few wobbles and trip a day. At first I had vowed only to
wear flats, but found that I owned only a very few pairs. Besides I
had lost about a foot in height with the swap and heels helped me get
at least some of that back.

I ordered a coffee and take a seat outside, lowering myself onto an
ass that feels like it's had a couple of cushions stuffed inside. I
smooth my floral print dress out on my lap and try to ignore the
nauseating void between my legs as I cross them. Looking up into the
reflection of the coffee shop window. Mrs. Harris wasn't bad looking
for her age. A little bit plump, but that was a expected for a woman
who had raised two kids, both of whom were now thankfully grown up.
My long blonde hair was clipped up in a style I'd seen in a magazine.
My face was lightly made-up to hide some of the wrinkles around my
eyes and mouth. I shook my head and looked away from the reflection
with anger and regret, my hoop earrings banging into my cheeks. It
was bad enough being a female but to lose 32 years of my life, that
was even worse.

Angrily I started to rifle through my bag until I found my cigarettes
and lighter. I fished out a long white menthol cigarette with long
gold painted acrylic nails. I hate smoking and had been overjoyed
when my mom had finally given up last year. I never imagined that I
would end up saddled with the disgusting habit. I light the cigarette
quickly, wincing at the taste but feeling the calmness it brings
flood through my body. I am brought out of my revelry by the waiter
bringing my coffee and Danish.

"Thanks," I tell him. It's so strange hearing Mrs. Harris's voice
come out my mouth. High pitched, yet husky and mature.

"Hi Janice! Mind if I join you?" a voice to my left says.

"Mom...I mean Helen, of course," I stumbled a response. I had not
spoken to my mom since the swap except for a few 'hellos' across the
fence. I suppose it was inevitable that we would talk eventually
since they were friends.

My mom was in her work suit and was clearly on her lunch break. She
ordered a coffee and I was shocked as she produced a pack of
cigarettes of her own.

"Helen! I thought you had given up?" I exclaimed.

"Come on Jan, you know I just told Michael that to keep him happy,"
she laughed. I felt slightly hurt but shrugged; I could hardly talk
anymore, as I continued to smoke my own cigarette.

"How is Michael," I asked apprehensively.

"Fine, fine," mom said blowing smoke above her head. "You know
teenagers, it's anyone's guess what they're thinking. He went a bit
quiet a couple of months ago but now he seems to have come out of his
shell. He's even got a girlfriend."

"He has?! Who?" I asked shocked.

"Melissa Blake, your niece."

Melissa Blake was Allen's sisters child, and I was now her Aunt
through marriage! I nodded, but inside I felt sick to my stomach. I'd
had a crush on Melissa for years but had never had the courage to ask
her out. To think that Mrs. Harris was now dating her in my body was
devastating.

"How's things with you? I haven't seen you around much? Everything ok
with you and Allan? He told Jonathan that he thought you were upset
over something," my mom said carefully.

I tried to shrug it off with a laugh, but it sounded nervous. "Oh you
know men, they're as bad as teenagers!"

"Well you know you can talk to me about anything Jan," Mom continued.
"Hell you've given me enough invaluable advice in the bedroom
department in the past."

I blushed deep crimson at the thought of getting tips about
satisfying a man from my own Mom. Of course she wasn't really my
mother anymore; I was almost a decade older than her now!

"No, everything is fine Helen, honestly," I replied hoping I sounded
convincing, as I adjusted a bra strap that was digging into my
shoulder. "Anyway, I need to get going, I have a million and one
things to do at home," I continued, as I stubbed out the horrible
cigarette. Fishing through my bag again, I found my lipstick and
compact, and reapplied my light pink lipstick that had been rubbed
off eating my Danish and left on the rim of my coffee cup. I didn't
normally touch my makeup up in public, I was so embarrassed about
wearing it at all, but I needed to buy myself some time to compose
myself and get over the shock of the news about Missus Harris and
Melissa, before I stood up to leave. "I'll see you later Helen," I
said beforeI hurried to my car as fast I could on my heels, which
wasn't that fast at all, it was just a brisk walk, I held an arm
across my chest as the increased pace had caused my 36F breasts to
swing and bounce more than normal, my other hand holding my shoulder
bag to my side. I probably couldn't have looked more feminine if I
tried!

On the drive home it was hard not to cry at the thought of Mrs.
Harris and Melissa. As I turned a corner, the sun glinted off my
wedding ring reminding me that I too was in a relationship.
Unfortunately.

**Good story? Or room for improvement? Please review!**

---

[Read](https://www.fictionmania.tv/review/readreview.html?fbcntrl=36257) Reviews   [Add](https://www.fictionmania.tv/review/addreview.html?fbcntrl=36257) Review    [Report](https://www.fictionmania.tv/stories/report.html?fbcntrl=36257&storyID=153652104045400273) Inappropriate Story

---

The above work is the copyrighted material of the respective author. If you would like to archive it elsewhere, please contact the author and ask permission first, unless noted otherwise in their story.

For further details on Fictionmania's policy, please read this [disclaimer](https://www.fictionmania.tv/author/disclaimer.html).