[[ReadItLater]] [[Article]]

# [The new Mrs Harris. Part 2](https://www.fictionmania.tv/stories/readtextstory.html?storyID=153661165688494856)

by: [Lejla](https://www.fictionmania.tv/searchdisplay/authordisplay.html?word=5844)  -   [Read](https://www.fictionmania.tv/author/readbio.html?authorlink=5844) Author's Biography    [Send eMail](https://www.fictionmania.tv/cdn-cgi/l/email-protection#b8d4ddd2d4d9818fdcd7d6d7ced9d6f8dfd5d9d1d496dbd7d587cbcddad2dddbcc85fed1dbccd1d7d6d5d9d6d1d98298ecd0dd98d6ddcf98f5cacb98f0d9cacad1cb9698e8d9cacc988a) to Author  

View Story [Details](https://www.fictionmania.tv/stories/details.html?storyID=153661165688494856)

| Rating: | **XXX** | [Add](https://www.fictionmania.tv/review/addreview.html?fbcntrl=36270) Review   [Read](https://www.fictionmania.tv/review/readreview.html?fbcntrl=36270) Reviews, Last Review **09/12/18** (**7**) | Added: **09/11/2018** |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| Complete: | **no** |
| Synopsis: | How Michael became Janice |  |  |
| Categories: | [Body Swap](https://www.fictionmania.tv/searchdisplay/storycatdisplay.html?word=1029)  [Fast Transformation](https://www.fictionmania.tv/searchdisplay/storycatdisplay.html?word=1060)  [Smoking](https://www.fictionmania.tv/searchdisplay/storycatdisplay.html?word=1075)  [Stuck](https://www.fictionmania.tv/searchdisplay/storycatdisplay.html?word=1008)  [Workplace Situations](https://www.fictionmania.tv/searchdisplay/storycatdisplay.html?word=1051)  |  |  |
| Keywords: | [Breast Enlargement](https://www.fictionmania.tv/searchdisplay/keyworddisplay.html?word=1030)  [Defiant](https://www.fictionmania.tv/searchdisplay/keyworddisplay.html?word=1031)  [Hair or Hair Salon](https://www.fictionmania.tv/searchdisplay/keyworddisplay.html?word=1005)  [Long Finger Nails](https://www.fictionmania.tv/searchdisplay/keyworddisplay.html?word=1003)  [Very High Heels](https://www.fictionmania.tv/searchdisplay/keyworddisplay.html?word=1004)  |  |  |

---

  

As I drove home I replayed in my head over and over again the events
that landed me in this mess, in this body, in this life. I still
couldn't believe it myself, what had happened, such was the
ridiculousness of it all. The fateful day two months ago started like
any Monday, I went to school, I went to the local sports club after
school to play tennis with my friend Paul, before arranging a round of
golf with him on the following Saturday morning. I loved playing
sport, any sport really, but tennis, soccer and golf were my
favourites. It was on the way home from the sports club that the chain
of events that led to this mess began, and it was a real "sliding
doors" moment. Usually I would get picked up by my mom on the way
home, but on this particular day she texted to say she had got held up
in work, so rather than wait for her I decided to get the bus. I got
on and sat at the back, as the bus was completely empty. As I sat down
I noticed on the seat a huge book, with strange gothic writing on it.
It piqued my interest and I picked it up, and flicking through it
couldn't decipher anything it said. It looked like it was maybe Latin,
but I wasn't sure. It was also dead heavy and as there was no one else
on the bus it could belong to, I decided to take it home with me. Why
I did this, I will never know, and its something I will regret for the
rest of life.

After arriving home I let myself into the house and started hunting
through the kitchen for snacks to eat while I waited on my mom and dad
to get in. I sat at the kitchen table flicking through the book I had
found when the doorbell rang. I got up and answered, and it was our
next door neighbour, Mrs Harris, carrying a couple of bags of clothes.

"Hi Michael," she said with a cheery smile, "I've brought some things
for your mom to take to the church swap meet, I told her I'd drop them
round."

"Ah, Ok, thanks," I said, taking the bags from her and walking through
the kitchen to leave them in the store room.

"Thats a strange looking book you have there Michael," said Mrs
Harris, looking at the book I'd found on the bus. "What's it about?"

"Your guess is as good as mine Mrs H, I found it on a bus, I think it
might be some some sort of magic spell books, because the guy on the
front looks like a wizard," I replied as I came back through to the
kitchen, as Mrs Harris hunched over the book to get a better look at
it. I joined Mrs Harris by the table as she flicked through the pages,
as I watched on. The way she stood over the table gave me a view of
her enormous cleavage as the front of her top hung loose, and I had to
quickly look away before she caught me looking. Mrs Harris always
seemed to pride herself a lot on her appearance, and it was rare to
see her not well dressed and trying her best to look glamorous.
"Magic spells eh?" chuckled Mrs Harris. "Maybe you should cast a spell
and make us all billionaires." She laughed and I laughed along,
lifting the book and opening it towards the middle, and read a line
from the middle, "vir mulieri, et mulier in in homine," before adding
"Make us rich, hocus pocus," as Mrs Harris burst out laughing. I
closed the book and put it on the table, and in doing so my arm
brushed Mrs Harris' arm. As soon as our arms touched there was an
almighty bang, and I felt myself being thrown forward onto the floor.

I blinked my eyes open, and found myself lying on the floor, but
everything felt strange. "What the heck just happened there?" I
thought to myself as I lifted my head to find myself staring into my
own face. I closed my eyes and opened them again, and still my own
face stared back at me, except this time it let out a scream! Startled
I went to stand up, and it was at this moment I realised I wasn't
myself. literally wasn't myself. I was in a different body, a woman's
body! I got unsteadily to my feet, holding onto the table to stop
myself falling over from a combination of the shock of what had just
happened, and the unfamiliar high heels that I now felt on my feet.
Blond hair hung in my face, my fingers were topped with long pink
nails, and I felt a huge weight hanging from my chest. "Oh my God oh
my God," I kept saying, trying not to hyperventilate, as it became
obvious that I was now somehow inside Mrs Harris's body, and by the
creaming coming from my own body, it seemed she was in mine!

"What have you done, what the hell have you done?" she screamed at me
from my old body, tears streaming down my old face.

"I dont know what happened," I protested, shocked at the female voice
coming out of my mouth. "Look, let's not panic, I'm sure we can
reverse it, there must be a way right?!"

I sat at the table opening the book, looking for the page I had read
from, but the problem was they weren't numbered, and there were
hundreds of pages, each full of verses I didn't understand.

"My mom's going to be home soon," I said, looking at my old self,
"What are we going to say?"

"We can't say anything," Mrs Harris stated firmly. "Allen is working
away all week, so that buys us some time. You take the book to my
house, and wait in the front room, as soon as your mom comes back I'll
say I've asked you to come and help me assemble some furniture or
something, I'm sure I can pretend to be you until we get this mess
sorted out."

Reluctantly I agreed, lifting the book, which now seemed a lot heavier
than before, and stumbled my way across the room, before kicking off
the ridiculous heels. "I can't walk in these," I said, picking them up
and carrying them along with the book and Mrs Harris' handbag. I felt
as though I was waddling rather than walking down the pathway and
across the drive, acutely aware of the unfamiliar and incredibly
uncomfortable weight of my breasts hanging from my chest, before
getting to Mrs Harris' front door, and rummaging around the handbag
for her keys, and letting myself in, before shutting the door and
slumping my now huge ass onto the couch.

I sat on the couch for what seemed like an age, almost afraid to move.
I was a stranger in someone else's home, heck, I was even a stranger
in their body, and I felt like an intruder in both. I felt scared and
even though I was only next door, I had never felt so far away from
home in my life. I found myself examining the long nails on my
fingers, each one extending a good quarter of an inch beyond the
finger tip. "How does she manage to get anything done with these
things?" I thought to myself as I tried to turn her TV on but kept
managing to hit the wrong button with my new nails. Just then the
doorbell rang and I jumped up and made to run to the door, but stopped
in my tracks as the sudden and quick movements made my chest bounce
painfully. I walked to the door and opened it, and stood there as Mrs
Harris in my body brushed past me. My old body looked so tall to me
now, as I stood there barefoot, I couldn't have been more than 5ft 2
or 3 now, and I was 6ft 3 only an hour or so ago!

"Come through to the kitchen and we can have a look at this properly!"
ordered Mrs Harris as she strode through the house in my body, and I
found myself obediently following. We sat at the table looking through
the book, but it was impossible to even find the page of the spell I
had inadvertently cast. We tried different verses, we read them aloud,
we read them together, and nothing happened. The longer this went on
the more furious and frustrated Mrs Harris got, and the more scared I
began to feel!

After a couple of hours Mrs Harris abruptly stood up. "This is
pointless, she said on the verge of tears. "We are stuck like this!"

"We have to keep trying," I pleaded, "I cant stay like this."

"You cant stay like that? Well I'm not overly keen on staying like
this either Michael, but we dont know what we are doing, I dont want
to mess with this and make things even worse. You think I want end up
in the body of some stranger or a local dog!" She had yelled. "How
could you have been so stupid?! You're idiocy has taken me away from
my husband and family."

"I'm sorry," I sobbed. "This wasn't meant to happen, this should be
impossible."

"Sorry isn't good enough," she huffed and waved away my protests.

"We have no choice about this. We'll just have to get used to living
as each other. My poor Allen" she cried "You've destroyed 30 years of
my happy marriage. The least you can do is try and be as good as wife
as I was. No one can ever know about this. I'll come over tomorrow
after school and we can give each other a crash course on each others
lives until we figure out what we will do."

"Ok, ok," I replied tearily, "but maybe at least we could tell people
what's happened to us? Then you could be with Allen and I could go
home!?" I was standing now, pleading my case.

"Are you out of your mind?!" Mrs. Harris replied incredulously. "We'd
be a freak show! You think Allen would want me like this? Or your mom
and dad would want you living in their house looking that that? And
anyway, who would believe us?"

I slumped back in the sofa. Of course she was right.

"You tell anybody and I'll just deny it, and you'll end up in the
asylum!" she responded angrily and then seemed to soften.

"Look I know it's hard. You were 16 and had your life in front of you
and now you've lost 32 years of your life and the freedom of being a
teenager, not to mention your manhood." I sobbed and she took my hand.
"But try to look at the think about the positives."

"Like what?!" I cried, tears now streaming down my face.

"Like a kind a generous husband who provides for your every need," she
replied gently. "Two lovely daughters, the freedom of not having to
worry about work or exams."

I nodded and dabbed my tears with a tissue.

"You need to forget your old life....Janice," she said, as my entire
body shook as I sobbed uncontrollably.

All Mrs. Harris would agree to be that she would try to translate more
of the book and try and find a way back. But would make no promises.

"You've made your bed, now you will have to lie in it!"

**Good story? Or room for improvement? Please review!**

---

[Read](https://www.fictionmania.tv/review/readreview.html?fbcntrl=36270) Reviews   [Add](https://www.fictionmania.tv/review/addreview.html?fbcntrl=36270) Review    [Report](https://www.fictionmania.tv/stories/report.html?fbcntrl=36270&storyID=153661165688494856) Inappropriate Story

---

The above work is the copyrighted material of the respective author. If you would like to archive it elsewhere, please contact the author and ask permission first, unless noted otherwise in their story.

For further details on Fictionmania's policy, please read this [disclaimer](https://www.fictionmania.tv/author/disclaimer.html).